Woo hoo, don’t get me wrong, the personal trainer and I are just
Why do you teach breakfast?
Because I actually agreed to take care of the coach, so that
Fanwan, Batietie is our selected machine management member
I taught all the shops for a while
What is important to me?
What? I have something else to do
I won’t light up today
I must be there, let me get enough first, Bai Bai Bai Bai Bai
You have something to do with me, girl?
Tang Ya’s things
Does anyone have anything to do with you?
You still want to lie to me
I heard you on the phone this morning
You're going to meet Tang Ya tomorrow morning. It's over.
This is an imperial edict.
I just don't want to fight so you can rest
why did you lie to me
You will know tomorrow that someone in my group has deceived me
No matter how enlightened Tang Ya is,
You can't ask me to meet him tomorrow
What are you talking nonsense about?
If it weren't for you
Why do you want to deny the fact that you don't talk about Yang like this?
At your age, I am so worried and can make such a designer with no lower limit.
Yes, I have done some related cases in the past.
You make me doubt you, you have something to complain about
Girl, that's not what I meant
You don't need to explain
If you think so, I can't help it